---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "borgbase_borg_repo Resource - terraform-provider-borgbase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  BorgBase borg repository.
---

# borgbase_borg_repo (Resource)

BorgBase borg repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "borgbase_ssh_key" "append_only" {
  name = "append_only"
}

data "borgbase_ssh_key" "full_access" {
  name = "full_access"
}

data "borgbase_ssh_key" "rsync" {
  name = "rsync"
}

resource "borgbase_borg_repo" "repo_minimal" {
  name   = "repo_minimal"
  region = "eu"
}

resource "borgbase_borg_repo" "repo_full" {
  alert_days       = 2
  append_only      = true
  append_only_keys = [data.borgbase_ssh_key.append_only.id]
  borg_version     = "LATEST"
  compaction = {
    enabled       = true
    hour          = 14
    hour_timezone = "Europe/Berlin"
    interval      = 6
    interval_unit = "weeks"
  }
  full_access_keys = [data.borgbase_ssh_key.full_access.id]
  name             = "repo_full"
  quota            = 10000
  quota_enabled    = true
  region           = "eu"
  rsync_keys       = [data.borgbase_ssh_key.rsync.id]
  sftp_enabled     = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) User-defined repository identifier.
- `region` (String) Region where the repository is hosted (eu or us).

### Optional

- `alert_days` (Number) Number of days after which an alert should be triggered if no new backups are made.
- `append_only` (Boolean) Whether the repository should allow old data to be deleted.
- `append_only_keys` (List of String) IDs of SSH keys which are only allowed to append data to the repository.
- `borg_version` (String) Borg version to use for the repository (defaults to latest stable version).
- `compaction` (Attributes) Settings for repository compaction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compaction))
- `full_access_keys` (List of String) IDs of SSH keys which have full access to the repository.
- `quota` (Number) Max allowed size of the repository in megabytes.
- `quota_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the repository quota should be enabled.
- `rsync_keys` (List of String) IDs of SSH keys which can access the repository via rsync.
- `sftp_enabled` (Boolean) Whether SFTP access to the repository should be enabled.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date when the repository was created.
- `current_usage` (Number) Current usage of the repository in megabytes.
- `encryption` (String) Whether the repository is encrypted.
- `format` (String) Format of the repository.
- `id` (String) Internal BorgBase repository identifier.
- `last_modified` (String) Date when the repository was last modified.
- `repo_path` (String) SSH path where the repository can be accessed.
- `server` (Attributes) Information about the server where the repository is hosted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server))

<a id="nestedatt--compaction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compaction`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable repository compaction.
- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day when the repository should be compacted.
- `hour_timezone` (String) Timezone of repository compaction hour.
- `interval` (Number) Repository compaction interval value (1-24).
- `interval_unit` (String) Repository compaction interval unit (days, weeks, or months).


<a id="nestedatt--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server`

Read-Only:

- `fingerprint_ecdsa` (String) Fingerprint of the server's ECDSA SSH key.
- `fingerprint_ed25519` (String) Fingerprint of the server's ED25519 SSH key.
- `fingerprint_rsa` (String) Fingerprint of the server's RSA SSH key.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the server.
- `id` (String) Internal ID of the server.
- `location` (String) Location of the server.
- `public` (Boolean) Whether the server is public.
- `region` (String) Region in which the server is located.


